docs: AsciiDoc docs for publishing (#44)
elastic/ecs-logging-nodejs: docs/morgan.asciidoc

you would normally pass to `morgan()`, and the log "message" field will use the
specified format. The default is https://github.com/expressjs/morgan#combined[`combined`].

[source,js]
----
const app = require('express')()
const morgan = require('morgan')
const ecsFormat = require('@elastic/ecs-morgan-format')

app.use(morgan(ecsFormat('tiny'))) <1>
// ...
----

[float]
[[morgan-log-level]]
=== log.level

The `log.level` field will be "error" for response codes >= 500, otherwise
"info". For example, running  https://github.com/elastic/ecs-logging-nodejs/blob/master/loggers/morgan/examples/express.js[examples/express.js]
again, a `curl -i localhost:3000/error` will yield:

[source,cmd]
----
% node examples/express.js | jq .
{
  "@timestamp": "2021-01-18T17:52:12.810Z",
  "log.level": "error",
  "message": "::1 - - [18/Jan/2021:17:52:12 +0000] \"GET /error HTTP/1.1\" 500 1416 \"-\" \"curl/7.64.1\"",
  "http": {
    "response": {
      "status_code": 500,
  ...
----

[float]
[[morgan-apm]]
=== Integration with APM Tracing

This ECS log formatter integrates with https://www.elastic.co/apm[Elastic APM] tracing.

> If your Node app is using the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/nodejs/current/intro.html[Node.js Elastic APM Agent],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Node app is using the {apm-node-ref}/intro.html[Node.js Elastic APM Agent],
```

> then fields are added to log records that https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-tracing.html[identify an active trace] and the configured service name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then fields are added to log records that {ecs-ref}/ecs-tracing.html[identify an active trace] and the configured service name
```

> (https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-service.html#field-service-name["service.name"] and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
({ecs-ref}/ecs-service.html#field-service-name["service.name"] and
```

> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-event.html#field-event-dataset["event.dataset"]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ecs-ref}/ecs-event.html#field-event-dataset["event.dataset"]).
```

[[morgan]]
== ECS Logging with Morgan

This Node.js package provides a formatter for the https://github.com/expressjs/morgan#readme[morgan]
logging middleware -- commonly used with Express -- compatible with
{ecs-logging-ref}/intro.html[ELastic Common Schema (ECS) logging].
In combination with the https://www.elastic.co/beats/filebeat[Filebeat] shipper,
you can https://www.elastic.co/log-monitoring[monitor all your logs] in one
place in the Elastic Stack.

[float]
=== Setup

[float]
[[morgan-setup-step-1]]
=== Step 1: Install

[source,cmd]
----
$ npm install @elastic/ecs-morgan-format
----

[float]
[[morgan-setup-step-2]]
=== Step 2: Configure

[source,js]
----
const app = require('express')()
const morgan = require('morgan')
const ecsFormat = require('@elastic/ecs-morgan-format')

app.use(morgan(ecsFormat())) <1>

app.get('/', function (req, res) {
  res.send('hello, world!')
})

app.listen(3000)
----
<1> Pass the ECS formatter to `morgan()`.

See usage discussion and examples below.

[float]
[[morgan-setup-step-3]]
==== Step 3: Configure Filebeat

> The best way to collect the logs once they are ECS-formatted is with https://www.elastic.co/beats/filebeat[Filebeat]:

Reviewer: Here, I think it makes more sense to link to the docs than the product page.

```suggestion
The best way to collect the logs once they are ECS-formatted is with {filebeat-ref}[Filebeat]:
```

Author: Sounds good to me. FWIW, I copied this from https://github.com/elastic/ecs-logging-python/blob/master/docs/setup.asciidoc#install-filebeat
